so here's kind of an interesting new
topic to discuss about Narnia the
possibility of an arnie film being shot
in 3d there's a rumor here or more like
speculation really a voyage of the dawn
treader being in 3d I'll basically we
know that Fox's wants to we will ramp up
their 3d efforts and uh it seems you
know like seems pretty fair to speculate
that you know dawn treader could be one
of those films like the non any web
article says it could seems like it
would kind of lend itself pretty nicely
to 3d and this is something that has
been discussed in the form a little bit
the past several months you know the a
possibility this is the first like
something the first time we've seen
anything on the front page basically
suggesting this and but the general
reaction obviously is extremely negative
I haven't really I didn't really
participate in any of the older
discussions just because I guess there
are farm more things that I'm worried
about and Dawn Treader there's so many
more issues I'm a lot more worried about
that if it's in 3d but but here it is
and that the reaction seems incredibly
negative the first comma is the first
comment on the Narnia web news stories
actually know and I cannot for the life
of me understand why on earth what is
the big deal here if you don't like 3d
go see it in 2d problem solved what is
the big deal here it is it really going
to ruin your viewing experience that
much like when you're watching your 2d
film and it's like oh my gosh in the
next seater they're watching this in 3d
I can't believe this is terrible this is
an abomination against CS Lewis ha what
is the big deal just go see it in 2d um
so I don't really see what all the fuss
is about um I guess the concern for some
people is that I'm just trying to figure
out how is this going to affect the film
if you see it in 2d and maybe the way
the shots will be framed in some cases
will be to sort of utilize 3d as much as
possible like you'll frame it in such a
way that maybe you wouldn't do it that
way if you were just doing 2d
and it might be the occasional gimmick
like let's have the water fly at the
screen because it'll be like 3d you know
let's have do this stuff you know there
might be some things like that but
overall I don't think there's a huge
need for concern there's one concern I
can't I can kind of understand that I'll
talk about later as far as my experience
a 3d I've seen beowulf in 3d and i saw
harry potter in the order to the phoenix
and imax in 3d the last 20 minutes word
3d and I thought both the both of those
were really cool Beowulf especially just
these new 3d I mean I don't really know
that much about 3d but these me it used
to be like they're you know red and blue
glasses and now it's something
completely different she like you
sunglasses they give you and you don't
see the red and blue lines around
everything it looks a lot more natural
unbelievable and off a bale wolf the
film really benefited it just added to
that sort of mythical feel and so I
think I can see dawn treader perhaps you
know benefiting from this and maybe this
is a stunt that they need to get the
series back on its feet you know prince
caspian the series kind of stumbled and
they need the dawn treader it's kind of
the this is kind of make it or break it
for it could possibly be make it or
break it for the serie the dawn treader
doesn't do at least you know reasonably
well I don't think it has to be a
blockbuster like wardrobe but it needs
to do some really respectable box office
to keep the series going how I feel
right now at least and if maybe this 3d
thing might be a cool different thing to
kind of set it apart and get the series
on his feet again one concern that um
has been expressed over the past several
months when we were kind of discussing
this possibility before there was now
there's an actual a rumor or speculation
on the front page but long before this
we were kind of talking about if this
happened is it happen what we would
think the concern was voiced that I
think she's from a marketing perspective
I can understand where you know a CS
Lewis fan looking at a poster and it
says the voyage of the dawn treader in
3d you know I can kind of understand
what I would just kind of make me cringe
so I guess from that perspective I can
understand the concern here but as far
as the movie itself I'm really not
concerned at all the big question that I
think if this turns out to be true
turned out to be the case that I think
narni fans will be debating right up
until the movie's release
is what version do you see first I mean
unless the movie completely sucks I'm
going to see it multiple times I saw a
wardrobe seven times I saw prince
caspian five times so I'll see both
versions almost certainly so the
question becomes which version do you
see first your first viewing the most
important viewing and right now I mean I
reserve the right to change my mind on
this after I've given it some more
thought to haven't really given it that
much thought but I would think that I
would go see the 3d version first just
because I would think that if you're
shooting a movie and you know it's going
to be in 3d you would shoot it with the
assumption that the 3d movie is the real
movie and the 2d movies kind of the
other version basically it'll be cool
when the blu-ray comes out and you can
choose between the 3d if if this is true
everything 2d or 3d that'll be kind of
fun I think to look at it both ways and
I've never seen a 3d blu-ray yet so that
mean eat but so that'll be the dilemma
that every narni fans going to have to
face if this turns out to be true which
version do you see first and right now
I'm thinking I'd probably go with 3d and
then I then I a few days later i come
back and go see it again in 2d then I'd
yield write a review of it which one I
like better and if 3d really adds
something and I don't know I can really
just I get things just cuz of my
experience with Beowulf and I didn't
think bailiff was a great movie I really
didn't but um I can't see I do think the
3d kind of added a lot to it added a lot
to that sort of fun mythical feel and I
can see dawn treader you know really
benefiting from this sort of also the
huge variety of locations and characters
and stuff I can see it I can see it a 3d
being a benefit and making it a better
movie and adding a lot to it possibly
but again we don't know if this is if
any this is true it's basically just
speculation now because we know Fox
wants to make you know looks like they
really want to push the whole 3d thing
and monsters and aliens somehow managed
to do well and that's 3d but again you
have the option in fact most of the time
the 2d version has a much wider release
than the 3d version at least as far as
I'm aware maybe it's different now but
it's like like the way it was for
available if is that you have it in 2d
like at a theater you've got almost all
the screens are in 2d
like one or two that are in 3d so I
cannot for the life of me understand
what is the big deal if it's in 3d just
go see it in 2d so I don't really get
that but I guess I think this would be
interesting um yeah I guess I can say it
doesn't really bother me either way but
I guess it's safe to say that I hope
it's in 3d I think that would that would
be cool i think it could possibly add a
lot to it but either way we have the
option